pages/about.md, before:

---
title: "Hi, I'm Tyler"
description: "Tyler Reckart is a programmer, photographer, writer, and ameteur anthropologist based in Greenville, SC."
---

I'm a [programmer](https://github.com/tylerreckart) and [photographer](/photos) based in Greenville, South Carolina. Currently I'm a Principal Front-End Engineer at [DriveWealth](https://drivewealth.com). In my previous role I worked as a Senior Front-End Engineer at [ActiveCampaign](https://activecampaign.com) where I led the front-end perfomance engineering team in retooling legacy code and ensuring that the platform's UI could scale with customer demand. Additionally, I've worked as a Senior Software Developer at [Alley](https://alley.co), and as a Front-End Engineer at [BoomTown](https://boomtownroi.com), [TipHive](https://friyay.io), and [Authentic Form & Function](https://authenticff.com).

In 2019, I published [GraphQL in Motion](https://manning.com/livevideo/graphql-in-motion) with [Manning Publications](https://manning.com). The course consists of over two an a half hours of content and 28 exercises that teaches the fundamentals of building GraphQL APIs in Node.js. Following a series of examples, viewers learn to use the GraphQL syntax to write simple data-retrieval queries, design complex schemas, and tackle more advanced challenges like direct data manipulation, live subscriptions, and error handling.

The source code for this website is available on [Github](https://github.com/tylerreckart/reckart.blog). When I launched this version of my website, I [wrote](/starting-over) about the build system I developed that handles rendering all of the content, markup, and styling. The configuration has changed a little since then, but the core idea behind the markdown-based templating system is still at the foundation of this website's architecture.

Commit message:

update about page. start on collapse post

pages/about.md, after:

---
title: "Hi, I'm Tyler"
description: "Tyler Reckart is a programmer, photographer, writer, and ameteur anthropologist based in Greenville, SC."
---
I'm a [programmer](https://github.com/tylerreckart), [photographer](/photos), and ancient history nerd based in Greenville, South Carolina. Currently I am a Principal Software Engineer at [DriveWealth](https://drivewealth.com), where I help lead the engineering efforts our End-to-End Solutions Group in creating value for our partners across the trading stack. In my previous role I have lead the front-end performance engineering team at [ActiveCampaign](https://activecampaign.com).

My full CV is available on [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/tylerreckart).

Outside of work I run a small one-man software development studio: [Haptic Software](https://haptic.software). Haptic's first app, [Ansel](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/ansel-photographers-notebook/id1643250194), is now available on the app store for free. [Read more about it](/introducing-ansel) on my blog.

The source code for this website is available on [Github](https://github.com/tylerreckart/reckart.blog). When I launched this version of my website, I [wrote](/starting-over) about the build system I developed that handles rendering all of the content, markup, and styling. The configuration has changed a little since then, but the core idea behind the markdown-based templating system is still at the foundation of this website's architecture.
